First reply: 


Hey thanks for getting back to me, I wasn’t sure if you were real or not lol, it can be hard to tell these days.

so the first thing I have to ask is what are YOU looking for here? I'm new to the area and looking for a cute guy to have fun with, maybe grab a drink or you could show me a cool spot...I just don't want a boyfriend lol. They get clingy and I don't like all the emotional stuff that comes with that. Have you done this before? I'm a little shy but as long as we are on the same page I would love to get to know you better... write me back! xoxo 


2nd reply: 


I'm not gonna hide the fact I'm excited that you wrote me back...and I'm glad you weren't offended that I said you couldn't be my boyfriend lol.

I'll get you my number and we can meet somewhere or If you wanted you could pick me up at home. I'm renting a basement suite to myself so we could also chill here if you wanted to? Its not all that setup yet but I do have a nice bed haha.

Since I'm new in town and don't really know anybody yet I've signed up with a dating service which does a quick check on its members to make sure they are safe before giving out phone numbers. You can get my cell number on my profile here: http://verifysafetyfirst.com/vballbabe69

This is just a basic check to make sure I haven't given out my number and address to somebody I shouldn't have. This was featured on the news just after I moved here. I haven't given my number out to any other guys yet. Please don't think I'm working you too hard.. need to look out for my safety here it takes like ten seconds. Then we can have some fun together and you can show me some cool places to go around here. And bring protection when you come over please, you know that right? lol I'll be waiting for you to call.. just gonna watch a movie here in the meantime. Can't wait to meet you. 



3rd Reply:


aww I know that site I gave you only costs a dollar and takes like 30 seconds... you can do this! Its all I'm asking of you so I can meet you knowing that I have nothing to worry about being alone with you in my basement or driving somewhere in your car... I want you to take me somewhere fun I just need to confirm you are safe. Show me you are legit and get my number on my profile page http://verifysafetyfirst.com/vballbabe69 then call or text. I'll know its you :)

Xoxo 




